Fix an issue with the recorder capture text file (#1910)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/apps/Player.md

```

the second option allows sending events at a different time than they are triggered

> the data portion of messages can be encoded in base64 by marking as b64[<data>] or base64[X] all data between the brackets will be converted to raw binary. A ']' must be last. The string interpreter can also handle some messages with escapable characters including tab ("\t"), newline ("\n"), and quote ("\""), this can be marked by `raw("<message>")` In JSON this is handled automatically as part of the JSON interpretation and no further markers are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the data portion of messages can be encoded in base64 by marking as b64[<data>] or base64[X] all data between the brackets will be converted to raw binary. A ']' must be last. The string interpreter can also handle messages with any escapable characters including tab ("\t"), newline ("\n"), and quote ("\""), this can be marked by using quotes as in `"<message>"` to make it interpret the message as a JSON quoted string.
```
